Welcome a esta técnica de pronunciación
del módulo 4 Entonces, lo que vas a hacer
es que vas a grabar un video Diciendo
estas frases cada una cinco veces Primera
frase He thought he was not smart He
thought he was not smart
Second
She quickly got him glasses Which helped
him do better at school She quickly got
him glasses Which helped him do better at
school Number three Now Sonia works
multiple jobs Now Sonia works multiple
jobs Sonia was dealing with a lot of
personal troubles Sonia was dealing with
a lot of personal troubles
Later she found out that Carson had
another family Later she found out that
Carson had another family Así que vas a
practicar estas cinco frases Y las vas a
grabar repitiéndolas cinco veces Espero
ver tu actividad en la plataforma ¡Gracias!